Title: Its ok to be lazy
Description: Utilizing docker run to do alot of my testing. It took a long time to remember all the run commands. 
             Found docker-compose and that was much faster. Speak of what docker-compose does vs Dockerfile
             Mentioned that the lessons learned means that I can now use docker-compose for most things, but docker run for testing

Title: Using docker .env files
Description: What is good about this and how can .env files help us later. 

Title: Networking with docker container and how to use the values internally and externally

Title: Setting up a shared volume mount vs defining volume in container

Title: How do container volumes work with init container. Overrideing a file vs a directory

Title Adding data store via database or redis on an Open Shift cluster

Title: Dealing with internal networking vs external networking

Title: Lists are the worst
Description: I keep lists of everything  but get nothing done. Its time to nuke the lists and start over. Psychology of staring over and removing lists. 
             List Obsession. How listing what we can do isn't actually what we get done

Title: Knowledge wants to be shared
Description: Too many times people hoard information and features to themselves to become a "source of Knowledge" in thier position. This is bad for a number of ways. 

Title: Scripting with git
Description: How to use git diff with no-exit code. This was missing and how to do some git stuff with that. 

Title: Your code as a crime scene. Using git bisect to get things done. 

Title: Using bind with dockerfiles to not create a directory if one does not exist. 
Description: Problem was with plex and a local external drive, created a new folder 
            did not behave how I thought. 


Title: Start Monolith First
Description: Too many times teams try to do microservices first. Why? 

Title: Cloud Native Maturity Model
Description: How can you see if you are ready for cloud native? 

Title: Building with Evolutionaly architecture in mind. 
Description: How to make sure you are ready for change. 

Title: How to set up a testing workshop with real code
Description: How can teams use their real code to do real work and get better at the same time. 

Title: It all starts with the contianer. The journey to cloud native

Title: What is legacy code? Code we are afraid to change because it has no tests. 

Title: What is a microservice? Its a buzz word. 

